check out one fifa calm by using the
link in the description down below to
get yourself fast and reliable 3 for 14
queens also use discount code penguin 5
to get yourself five percent off all
your purchases alright guys and welcome
back to yet gain in of a fifa 15 ratings
video this that's the second part of my
top deadline-day transfers my first
episode got a lot of support and done
really well to keep that up guys and
then a drop a like on this video will be
greatly appreciated and also if you
haven't seen that one as well there will
be a link to it in a description down
below but anyway in this episode as you
can see on screen it we've got free new
players that on the grade though flint
and then also joveah hernandez so
firstly then we've gotten a grade dog
now on loan at valencia bit of a strange
one listed don't understand why he has
gone on long hey did I should do a a
perfectly good job in my opinion last
season at manchester city but i guess it
now if you have a tix being back fit you
might not get as much game time as he
wants but it never lasts only a good
thing i suppose for the spiny sea games
using a know that great play at back
into the league playing for valencia out
like i said i'm full sheet oh one thing
that's quite annoying does seem as
though it by looking at the paper that
it does have higher attacking and high
defensive workrate personally for me I
don't like this on me strikers you guys
might feel differently but it yeah I
prefer them to have like high low or
high medium someone like that
nevertheless throw 84 fiscal start and
84 shooting does look like a very good
card at a tree rated overall and I'm
sure it'll be a very good in that league
next year moving on to our second player
that of this episode there we've got off
first the introduction to the Premier
League in this episode that is daily
blintz so as you can see now playing for
manchester united 13.5 million pounds
van Gaal's mesa suppose because they
have known each other for a long time
playing for the netherlands and there he
might be the answer to manchester
united's problems I don't know it
depends ready playing I think on the
fifa 14 he is a centre back or a left
back well nevertheless does like he will
be moved up to it defense Mayfield I
started why is on the beta got some
decent stats for this position
78 passing 78 defending and they're also
at medium attacking and high defensive
workrate which me personally Ford the
feds midfield that is a pretty much of
perfect were crates like said 13.5
million pound decent transferred for a
player that could be a really highly
needed at Manchester United find out
guys going into our last player of this
episode we've got a player that has been
shipped out from unchaste United that is
Java and undead but if a weird one this
in my opinion on loan to real madrid not
sure how much game time he is gonna get
but nevertheless his fee 15 card does
look incredible always been a very over
power player on a fifa 88 pace 82
shooting 78 dribbling riddles are like a
great player medium and the low work
rate so that is also very good for a
striker one thing that as I confused me
a bit is 62 fiscal as it is a kind of
what he has on the beta even though he
has always been a very good player in
here quite hard to shrug off the ball so
I don't understand their what FIFA
they're in there hopefully that will be
changed for the full release of V 15 but
anyway guys that just brings us to the
end of this video if you didn't do it
make sure to drop a like kind of 50
likes like it did say at the start the
video that be greatly appreciated make
sure you do smash that like born then
make sure you do also subscribe for more
free fat related videos